Palm to death
What a shit manslaughter
Even TD generation
I am an ancient city that has just started
This is your ability in Jiangnan
The patron saint of Jiangnan is dead
Is there anyone else in Jiangnan?
Dare to bully me, no one in Jiangnan
I, Liu Chang of Jiangnan, and your Qin family advance and retreat together
My Wang family is also a Jiangnan backdoor to share weal and woe
In the past 20 years, I have endured too much in Jiangnan
Today, you kid dare to mess up the Qin family's wedding
My Chen family wants to fight you to the end
The four major families of heroes are jointly sold
This represents the whole of Jiangnan
Liu Haoran, even if you can fight again
Do you dare to offend the whole of Jiangnan?
Haoran Haoran
Hurry up Qin Shao
You let him go?
I promise to listen to you and let him go
I'm not the only one he respects
But the entire Jiangnan family heritage
Where are the guardians of the three major families who provoke Wang Chen?
exist
one
die less
Go go go brother die again
The elder of the Wu family who is now the son of the three families
Why did such a powerful wave of people die?
What charge?
They are all warriors who have just started
This is what you call the background of Jiangnan
Do you really want to stop the bitch married by my Qin family?
Are you trying to ruin my entire pregnant woman in Jiangnan?
Are you against my entire Jiangnan?
Jiang Nuxin was imposed by my wife
How does my wife represent the entire Jiangnan Hanergy